We accept the love we think we deserve.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
You are, and always have been, my dream.
Where there is love there is life.
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
What's meant to be will always find a way
The heart was made to be broken.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it
When love is not madness it is not love.
Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
One love, one heart, one destiny.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake!
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Happiness is only real when shared
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
Who, being loved, is poor?
The more one judges, the less one loves.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
For where all love is, the speaking is unnecessary
I'd learned that some things are best kept secret.
And what would humans be without love?"RARE, said Death.
The soul is healed by being with children.
If you're a bird... I'm a bird...
There is always something left to love.
We must love one another or die
If a thing loves, it is infinite.
Love is a better master than duty.
You are like nobody since I love you.
After all this time?""Always...
In love, no question is ever preposterous.
Love, n. A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
What greater gift than the love of a cat.
We are all worthy of one another.
Lovers alone wear sunlight.
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will
I think we ought to live happily ever after.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense.
Heaven would never be heaven without you.
The best things in life make you sweaty.
You are my life now.
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
It's the imperfections that make things beautiful
I love you more than I think I should.
Love, the poet said, is woman's whole existence.
nothing in this world was more difficult than love.
Why is love intensified by absence?
And all I loved, I loved alone.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
They're in love. Fuck the war.
Woman is sacred the woman one loves is holy.
People should fall in love with their eyes closed.
You’re just another story I can’t tell anymore.
A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement
You’ve changed me forever. And I’ll never forget you.
Choose your love. Love your choice.
Love is a serious mental disease.
My soul sees its equal in you.
I love you enough to never make you choose.
As your lover describes you, so you are.
When people fall in love, they burst into flames.
Would he find her?Without question.Would he save her?Always.
Love wins, love always wins.
I don't like it when I outweigh my men.
To love is to recognize yourself in another.
Yes... it wasn't over, it still isn't over.
Oh, Lizzy! do anything rather than marry without affection.
She's my kitten, and no one else's.
Work without love is slavery.
I love you more than I hate everything else.
Love, like fire, goes out without fuel.
Love, when spelled backwards and read phonetically, reads evil
You made me feel alive again.
Everybody is a main character to someone...
Each time you happen to me all over again.
Make me into anything, but just love me.
What I cannot love, I overlook.
Love is too precious to be ashamed of.
He was the toast to her butter.
Hate looks like everybody else until it smiles
Tears are words the heart can't express
Every life has one true love snapshot.
Sweets to the sweet.
My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.
Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.
Know that love is truly timeless.
We're all golden sunflowers inside.
Love makes us such fools.
Hate is... It's too easy. Love. Love takes courage.
What's a fuck when what I want is love?
I love you," I said, and stabbed him.
When someone blushes, doesn't that mean 'yes'?
How can something so wrong feel so right?
I don't think you can define love.
It's hard to love a woman and do anything.
There will never be no love at all.
I love you and it's getting worse.
I believe in love the verb, not the noun.
I...will never...regret you.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
Love is a rebellious bird that nobody can tame.
Love is—a shade of what I feel.
I needed him like I'd never needed anyone.
A weed is but an unloved flower.
You have my whole heart. You always did.
Love is a possible strength in an actual weakness.
Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.
A woman should soften but not weaken a man.
Love me like you'll never see me again.
People do the damndest things when they’re in love.
Physical love is unthinkable without violence.
Living simply makes loving simple.
Physics isn't the most important thing. Love is.
Love those you hate you.
Why is the measure of love loss?
In love, one and one are one.
None of us can choose where we shall love...
Remembering. Forgetting. I'm not sure which is worse.
For she had eyes and chose me.
We are asleep until we fall in Love!
Hearts Live By Being Wounded
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.
Love as thou wilt
But everyone disappears, no matter who loves them.
Jealous?""Maybe.""No reason. I like my ladies with a pulse.
Love simply is.
Soul meets soul on lovers lips.
Sometimes I get real lonely sleeping with you.
Love is a drama of contradictions.
I think Heaven will be like a first kiss.
Love! Love until the night collapses!
twice I have lived forever in a smile
Self-talk reflects your innermost feelings.
Everything I know, I know because of love.
Do not allow me to forget you
Everything that happens to you matters to me.
And I didn't choose it, Kat. I chose you.
Love comforteth like sunshine after rain.
Love didn't make you weak, it made you stronger.
A kiss may ruin a human life
I like being the girl nobody can have.
Sometimes loneliness makes the loudest noise.
A real relationship is two-way.
Loving someone always requires you to not love others.
Emotion without reason lets people walk all over you
Love never dies.
Everything is clearer when you're in love.
Love is keeping the promise anyway.
If music be the food of love, play on.
Till I loved I never lived.
People Die...Beauty Fades...Love Changes...And You Will Always Be Alone
True love is born from understanding.
From the stars, to the stars.
Are those the only options? Nothing or forever?
Under loves heavy burden do I sink.--Romeo
Love fades. Mine has.
What does the brain matter compared with the heart?
What barrier is there that love cannot break?
You said move on, where do I go?
Love cannot live where there is no trust.
Without love we all like birds with broken wings.
I gave you my heart, but it wasn't enough.
Sometimes, remembering hurts too much.
Waiting is erotic
Love, and you shall be loved.
Love was the most savage monster of all.
Choice or no, my heart is his.
Not like this. He wanted it to be real.
It isn't about love," Vee said. "It's about fun.
He is the cheese to my macaroni.
Just knowing you exist changed the world for me.
To love makes one solitary.
We all know interspecies romance is weird.
Three years? That's a thousand tomorrows, ma'am.
Kids chase the love that eludes them.
It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love.
AnatasiaYou Are My More My Love, My LifeChristian
Real love finds you once, if you're lucky.
Where is Aelin. Where is my wife?
Lift your hips for me, love.
Time is how you spend your love.
Love heals scars love left
One heart cannot serve two masters.
Because...because...she came here with me.
Let this hell be our heaven.
Love, that moves the sun and the other stars
Love is the only future God offers.
Happiness is the china shop love is the bull.
Ronan's second secret was Adam Parrish.
Gilbert, I'm afraid I'm scandalously in love with you.
Time has no meaning,Love will endure..
I am yours.Don't give myself back to me.
Love at first sight is easy to understand
A heart, once stolen, can never be taken back.
I've never wanted more, until I met you.
Language is the key to the heart of people.
Peace,love,empathy
LOVE is a friendship set to music
What will survive of us is love.
I'm as cruel as life. As cruel as love.
There is peace even in the storm
Your inner strength is your outer foundation
Love, too, has to be learned.
Love is the most selfish of all the passions.
Any time not spent on love is wasted.
People die. Love endures.
We all are so deeply interconnected
Accidents ambush the unsuspecting, often violently, just like love.
Don't touch me
You can’t fool people into loving you.
The Artist always has the masters in his eyes.
For awhile, I thought that was love.-Gaara
Is not general incivility the very essence of love?
I'd run my whole life long to reach you
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
Just in case you ever foolishly forget
Your heart can break at any age.
Maybe 'Okay' will be our 'always'...
I'd sleep outside naked in the blizzard,for you.
Something that is yours forever is never precious
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Everything you can imagine is real.
I'm not afraid of death
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
May you live every day of your life.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
Life can only be understood backwards
Some people have lives
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured
I go to seek a Great Perhaps.
Live to the point of tears.
To say goodbye is to die a little.
I've got nothing to do today but smile.
Even death has a heart.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
The past has no power over the present moment.
In a time of destruction, create something.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.
Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
What a strange thing!to be alivebeneath cherry blossoms.
Living is Easy with Eyes Closed.
After all, tomorrow is another day!
Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder
You live but once
Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
Unexpected intrusions of beauty. This is what life is.
How people treat you is their karma
It’s your life
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life
She burned too bright for this world.
A man with outward courage dares to die
Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!
It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
The meaning of life is that it stops.
You're on Earth. There's no cure for that.
You are in charge of your own happiness
Who says life is fair, where is that written?
Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.
Alone we can do so little
When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.
Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear
Life's as kind as you let it be.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work
Action expresses priorities.
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
Be the positive impact on the lives of others.
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
The person you became with her is worth being.
Cynics are simply thwarted romantics.
To perceive is to suffer.
Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.
People say that eyes are windows to the soul.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
I see it all perfectly
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
To travel is to live.
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.
Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.
When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back.
Is this thing safe?""Safe as life," Gansey replied.
Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.
Hardships make or break people.
What you stay focused on will grow.
Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.
Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.
Some things cannot be taught
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.
Art is the proper task of life.
No one here gets out alive.
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
Be happy, but never satisfied.
A single death is a tragedy
Those who hurt others will also hurt themselves.
The beautiful is always bizarre.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
We are unusual and tragic and alive.
Your "I CAN" is more important than your IQ.
No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.
Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
Chocolate says "I'm sorry" so much better than words.
You can get all A's and still flunk life.
People rarely bring flowers to a suicide.
Life is problems. Living is solving problems.
Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary
You are -- your life, and nothing else.
All knowledge is worth having.
When you make a choice, you change the future.
There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara
A boo is a lot louder than a cheer.
Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.
Change course, but don’t give up.
All that happens means something
A joke is a very serious thing.
Let all of life be an unfettered howl.
I am nothing more than the consequence of catastrophe.
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
Life is but a day
Without music, life would be a blank to me.
My life is a reading list.
When we're connected to others, we become better people.
Going back to something is harder than you think.
We never live
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Beauty is a whore, I like money better.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Pain or love or danger makes you real again....
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
L'éternité, c'est long ... surtout vers la fin.
Dreams are necessary to life.
Live or die, but don't poison everything.
Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost.
Fate loves the fearless.
Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up
Rise to the occassion which is life!
Be so good they can't ignore you.
Never compete with someone who has nothing to lose.
Positive expectations are the mark of the superior personality.
To live is to war with trolls.
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
Never forget:we walk on hell,gazing at flowers.
No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope
Sometimes life happens.
Why did I write? Because I found life unsatisfactory.
There's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself.
Don't Worry Be Happy
There's more to life than love.
Rise and rise again until lambs become lions
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment
Live free or die.
I will be stronger than my sadness.
I can't. You can't rewrite the past.
While there's life, there's hope.
Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.
Life is short. Focus on what really matters most
When all else fails, there's always delusion.
CALVIN:As usual goodness hardly puts up a fight.
Hate is nothing when weighed against survival. (Valentine)
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
Create your own miracles
A stumble may prevent a fall.
I've been embarrassing myself since about birth.
Life is a winking light in the darkness.
Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.
But what is life if you don't live it?
Life did not stop, and one had to live.
Life is such a glorious trauma, is it not?
Dancers are the athletes of God.
Like madness is the glory of this life.
Bring something incomprehensible into the world!
Keep your friends close but your enemies closer.
Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.
Everybody's damaged by something.
Imitation is suicide.
in a woman's womb.another chance.to make the world better.
All our knowledge has its origin in our perceptions
Find ecstasy in life
A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.
Progress just means bad things happen faster.
Life is ours to be spent, not tobe saved.
Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.
I tried to contain myself... but I escaped!
Life doesn't require ideals. It requires standards of action.
The past can not be cured.
Life sucks, then you die. Then it sucks again.
You are always a little bit wrong
Anymore, no one's mind is their own.
it always sound scarier when a hollerer talk soft.
The only certainty life contains is death.
This new day has greeted us with no rules
You can't regret the life you didn't lead.
Love changes things
Life's not black-and-white. Sometimes the ends justifies the means.
You have every right to a beautiful life.
This is the strangest life I have ever known.
In life, there are no mistakes, only lessons.
Potential has a shelf life.
There is nothing perfect...only life.
When nothing is sure, everything is possible.
We just had a near-life experience!
The Way is not in the sky
I am still in the land of the dying
Paper is more patient than man.
Our life is made by the death of others.
...Life is much simpler if you don’t notice anything....
HOBBES:Virtue needs some cheaper thrills.
Be a true Heart, not a follower.
Life is a perpetual yesterday for us.
Desire is half of life
Knowing it and seeing it are two different things.
You live it forward, but understand it backward.
In heaven an angel is no one in particular.
May all that have life be delivered from suffering
The greatest wealth is health
Oh sorry, I was taking life seriously.
Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.
Excellence/Perfection is not a destination
Our sweetest songs are those of saddest thought.
The world is merciless, and it's also very beautiful.
Men's lives have meaning, not their deaths.
Life is but a dream for the dead.
Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Skinny guys fight till they're burger.
Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming
You didn't just cheat on me
Those who don't jump will never fly.
What am I dying for?
In a well-ordered universe...
I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!
When mice run, cats give chase.
We are star stuff harvesting sunlight.
Imagine no limitations
Learning the truth has become my life's love.
Until death it is all life
There are always loose ends in real life.
A heart has problems which mind cannot understand.
True life lies in laughter, love and work.
Sometimes problems don’t require a solution to solve them
I welcome questions. I hate assumptions.
Happiness is not the absence of problems
No one escapes from life alive.
...people with nothing to declare carry the most.
Life itself is the proper binge.
Stop giving your life away to other people.
Find a voice in a whisper.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round
having nothing to struggleagainstthey have nothing to strugglefor.
This autumn-why am I growing old?bird disappearing among clouds.
All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.
I'm dying and all I hear are insults!
Life is dear to every living thing
Your nightmares follow you like a shadow, forever.
You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you
Please, touch me, I pray.
If you would create something,you must be something.
The dead do not hurt you
Be where you are
We all know we're going to die
I don’t know what it means to live.
Things don't matter, people do
There is no better high than discovery.
Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life
Do more listening than talking
Live for each second without hesitation
Life is more fun if you play games.
Truth is beauty
To live is to be haunted.
He who moves not forward, goes backward.
There are no such things as curses
Life stand still here.
Risk means 'shit happens' or 'good luck
Sometimes life doesn't happen in chronological order.
The night is just a part of the day
Never compromise your values.
Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others
Applaud my idiocy.
You have the ability to choose your reactions.
We all give up great expectations along the way.
Its important to be comfortable with uncertainty.
In my end is my beginning.
Associate with the noblest people you can find
Be yourself
Without music, life would be a mistake.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Peace begins with a smile..
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
You never fail until you stop trying.
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
Try a little harder to be a little better.
Tears are words that need to be written.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.
If you want to be happy, be.
All thinking men are atheists.
Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
Because paper has more patience than people.
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
Life sucks, and then you die...
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down
Not being heard is no reason for silence.
A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned
Aim higher in case you fall short.
We meet no ordinary people in our lives.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Travel far enough, you meet yourself.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Dream as if you will live forever
Just be yourself, there is no one better.
There is a way to be good again...
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Without fear there cannot be courage.
Fake it 'till you make it.
Those who do not weep, do not see.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Be melting snow.Wash yourself of yourself.
Life before Death.Strength before Weakness.Journey before Destination.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
I sustain myself with the love of family.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
All I can be is me- whoever that is.
You save yourself or you remain unsaved.
The dog is a gentleman
The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.
Music is the literature of the heart
younot wanting mewasthe beginning of mewanting myselfthank you
The stupid neither forgive nor forget
Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always
Heaven can be found in the most unlikely corners.
Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.
Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.
You become what you think about all day long.
Things do not change
The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
Envy is ignorance, Imitation is Suicide.
Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.
Maktub" (It is written.)
All great achievements require time.
Well done is better than well said.
Know thyself.
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
Scars are just another kind of memory.
They laugh at me because I'm different
...there ain't no journey what don't change you some.
He not busy being born is busy dying.
What would you do if you weren't afraid?
What is now proved was once only imagined.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for the real.
You can't connect the dots looking forward
Don't give up the fight,Stand up for your rights.
Awake, arise or be for ever fall’n.
I am who I am; no more, no less.
Only the gentle are ever really strong.
Anything is possible. Anything can be.
Anything under God's control is never out of control.
Written words can also sing.
We don't receive wisdom
The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.
Done is better than perfect.
Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain
Laughter is carbonated holiness.
Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.
Do your best and let God do the rest.
Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.
Life is wasted on the living.
If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
Children betrayed their parents by becoming their own people.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
What's most important in a friendship? Tolerance and loyalty.
Collective madness is called sanity ..
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.
Do not dare not to dare.
Normalness leads to sadness.
I am the captain of my soul.
Am I weird?""Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Words save our lives, sometimes.
Happiness cannot be pursued
God is subtle but he is not malicious.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
To those who will see, the world waits.
Everything stinks till it’s finished.
You could do a lot worse.
Always be yourself, there's no one better!
Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming.
Someday is now.
An idea is salvation by imagination
It's your life-but only if you make it so.
What hurts us is what heals us
Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
God save us from religion.
Always tell what you feel. Do what you think...
No great wisdom can be reached without sacrifice.
The function of freedom is to free someone else.
People would rather believe than know.
Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.
No one is ever satisfied where he is.
Nobody steals books but your friends.
Complain and remain. Praise and be raised.
With our thoughts we make the world.
Make today worth remembering.
If you are a dreamer come in
I am so, so alive.
It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.
Achievement has no color
Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.
Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness.
To write is human, to edit is divine.
I'm the living embodiment of 'it could be worse'.
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!
If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.
Great victory requires great risk.-Hera
Kemampuan membaca itu sebuah rahmat. Kegemaran membaca
It is not enough to be industrious
Give your weakness to one who helps.
Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.
You don't know, oh, ohYou don't know you're beautiful.
It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.
Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.
Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.
Everything you'll ever need to know is within you
The treacherous are ever distrustful.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up
Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.
Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.
be it peace or happinesslet it enfold you
Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.
We are what we believe we are!
Freedom is...the right to write the wrong words.
Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.
Perfect is the enemy of good.
Only when I fall do I get up again.
Death twitches my ear;'Live,' he says... 'I'm coming.
90% of the game is half mental.
They alone live, who live for others.
God helps those who strut their stuff.
Death comes to us all
The shell must break before the bird can fly.
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself
Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
Let's start a new tomorrow, today.
Feel your emotions,Live true your passions,Keep still your mind.
the purpose of life is the life of purpose
Your opinion is not my reality.
impossible is not a word
To every problem, there is a most simple solution.
Vote for the man who promises least
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
I’d rather welcome change than cling to the past.
I don't regret the painful times
In the end, everything is a gag.
Quiet people have the loudest minds.
I do like the world quite a lot.
Onward and Upward! To Narnia and the North!
But there's always a first time for everything
A graceful refusal is better than a lengthy promise.
Nobody gets praised for the right reasons.
Truth builds trust.
Here lies one whose name was writ on water.
We are constantly invited to be what we are.
Life doesn't just happen to you
There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.
I shut my eyes in order to see.
There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.
Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.
The wise warrior avoids the battle.
I was good and bad, but never wicked.
Tough times don't last, tough people do, remember?
when you're cool for twenty,you get paid for twenty-one.
Appreciate the moment of a first kiss
Never follow the crowd.
I feel infinite.
Hearts can't be broken because they're made of marzipan.
You can't go home again
Again and again I will suffer
Adversity introduces a man to himself.
The truth is I didn’t need therapy
Sad stories make good books
For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.
What fire does not destroy, it hardens
Sameron adion asoI shall sing a sweeter song tomorrow
Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken...
Dive deep. Drown willingly
To save all we must risk all.
True beauty lies in purity of the heart.
In the mist of Difficulty lies Opportunity.
You kick ass Sam. And don't forget it
What I stand for is what I stand on.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Don't forget your history nor your destiny
This is who the fuck I am.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.
It's not whether you got knocked down
Total paranoia is just total awareness.
Leaders live by choice, not by accident.
Bebek berjalan berbondong-bondong, akan tetapi burung elang terbang sendirian.
Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society.
A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow.
She is delightfully chaotic
Patience ensures victory.
Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.
I change the world, the world changes me.
Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.
My sun sets to rise again.
Pressure makes diamonds
If you feel far from God, guess who moved?
Don't count your owls before they are delivered.
Inspiration comes of working every day.
Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
A daydreamer is prepared for most things.
There is no illusion greater than fear.
Hope springs forever.
Only children believe they're capable of everything.
Music, my rampart and my only one.
Anxiety is the handmaiden of creativity
feminism is for everybody
Exuberance is beauty.
In life, you need either inspiration or desperation.
When the wind blows,the grass bends.
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.
Time to toss the dice
Tomorrow is a new day
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
Live your life, no matter what that life is.
you cannot find happiness, outside the plan of happiness!
Survivors can't always choose their methods.
Man is, that he may have Joy.
Too many locks, not enough keys.
I'm an adventurer, looking for treasure
Tough times never last. Tough people do
Arise, awake, stop not till the goal is reached.
Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas.
Dreams are the language of God.
Real love never fails.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
follow your heart! (sppotedleafs motto)
Everyone has a hidden agenda. Except me!
The truth was this: Love is a decision.
Revenge is not sweet
You will make all kinds of mistakes
You are stronger than you know.
When one flower blooms spring awakens everywhere
The warrior is Here, Now.
Trust men and they will be true to you
Man made God in his own image...
Temptation is not to be feared, but controlled.
America is too great for small dreams.
Convictions are prisons.
Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.
Concentration attracts luck factor.
I liked things better when I didn't understand them.
It is impossible to be both selfish and happy
Guilt starts as a feeling of failure.
even in the loneliest momentsi have been therefor myself.
Love means never having to be apart
The walls are the publishers of the poor.
He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.
Feel the fear and do it anyway!
Dislike in yourself what you dislike in others.
If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.
Live Long and Prosper
You can't just wish change
cause when there's life there's still hope
Life is a barter of choice and consequences.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity
So many books, so little time.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources
Never memorize something that you can look up.
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very
The planet is fine. The people are fucked.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
Happiness is a warm puppy.
Time flies like an arrow
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.
Don't Panic.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?
Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying.
Don't feel bad, I'm usually about to die.
It is forbidden to kill
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
You're an idiot.""I've never claimed to be otherwise.
Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
My rapier wit hides my inner pain.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
Humor is reason gone mad.
No good deed goes unpunished.
People, generally, suck.
Puns are the highest form of literature.
Are you always a smartass?'Nope. Sometimes I'm asleep.
French name, English accent, American school. Anna confused.
So what? All writers are lunatics!
Meow” means “woof” in cat.
Humor is almost always anger with its make-up on.
Y'all smoke to enjoy it. I smoke to die.
Sometimes you just have to pee in the sink.
You've got to get obsessed and stay obsessed.
You nicked-named my daughter after the Lock Ness Monster!
Heterosexuality is not normal, it's just common.
In politics, stupidity is not a handicap.
Let's carpe the hell out of this diem.
Curiouser and curiouser.
Don't look at me in that tone of voice.
You forget, darling. the local psychopath.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
So much good, so much evil. Just add water.
The human body is the best work of art.
What happened to your tan?"--Fang"It was dirt." --Max
Invisible things are the only realities.
No. Now, shut up and eat your pears.
Don't interrupt me while I'm interrupting.
Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.
Reading good books ruins you for enjoying bad books.
I said hello to the poodle.
A man's true character comes out when he's drunk.
It unscrews the other way.
Procrastinate now, don't put it off.
Alas! Earwax!
Sane is boring.
FEAR stands for fuck everything and run.
Delaying death is one of my favorite hobbies
How is it possible to have a civil war?
Carpe Scrotum. Seize life by the testicles
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells.
Practice makes perfect, but nobody's perfect, so why practice?
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
Think, think, think.
They're book addicts.
Boys. I'd turn gay if they weren't so sexy.
There are never enough 'I love you's.
Brevity is the soul of lingerie.
In America, anyone can become president. That's the problem.
I hate you," I muttered.Noah smiled wider. "I know.
Have you ever had a girlfriend, Kenji?" me?
I've had great success being a total idiot.
Gym should be illegal. It's humiliating.
Almost everything strange washes up near Miami.
This book was written using 100% recycled words.
Red hair, sir, in my opinion, is dangerous.
We're not retreating, we're advancing in reverse.' --Skulduggery Pleasant
I can't go on, I'll go on.
He who hesitates is a damned fool.
Life is like a box of chocolates.
Well, that's an evil smile...
You fuck - you ate my cat!
There's some heinous fuckery goin' on mon.
Terrific. A bisexual dominant vampire with kidnapping expertise.
A well-read woman is a dangerous creature.
I’m an atheist and I thank God for it.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
My brain? That's my second favorite organ.
I think I am, therefore, I am... I think.
I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit.
I don't like lollipops.
Are you a female dog?""What?" Massie asked. "Why?"
In the name of the Pizza Lord. Charge!
Nice dress. Take it off.
Adventures are never fun while you're having them.
I cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible.
Thankfully, persistence is a great substitute for talent.
When in doubt, look intelligent.
How can He be perfect? Everything He ever makes...dies.
CONJUGATE THIS:
We're being lead by an idiot with a crayon.
Fall off your own roof.
Better a witty fool, than a foolish wit.
I have to return some videotapes
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Pietrisycamollaviadelrechiotemexity.
Chocolate is God's apology for brocolli
Playing with fire Kitten?
Now what state do you live in?''Denial.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
Dev-"Come in peace or leave in pieces
My own business always bores me to death
Immature poets imitate
No single thing abides
It's never just a game when you're winning.
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
We're actors — we're the opposite of people!
Room service? Send up a larger room."]
There is a great need for a sarcasm font.
Housework can kill you if done right.
Succotash my cocker spaniel, you fudging crevasse-hole dipshiitake!
If you can't win by reason, go for volume.
Sigh"?"Eye roll
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.
Noseless and Handless, the Lannister Boys.
Would you like a cough drop Dolores?
When God made man she was practicing.
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
What's another word for thesaurus?
Can you enter a house uninvited?""No.""Why?""That would be rude.
Intelligent men are dangerous.
Before I speak, I have something important to say.
She's so small, yet she contains so much evil.
Someday is not a day of the week.
I love you above all things, even pie.
My shining dishonesty will be the salvation of me.
Why do all your brilliant ideas involve felonies?
You look as scary as a buttered muffin.
I really should come with a warning label.
Any idiot can put up a website.
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
I don’t believe in astrology
If you are good life is good.
Your as slow as a fat kid on crutches
He who laughs last laughs the laughiest.
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.
Lead me not into temptation
You can knock on a deaf man's door forever.
An elite confederacy of nerds. My peeps
You wanna go build some shelves with me?
Ooh..I want one" - BexThey're not puppies." -Cammie
Civilization is vastly overrated.
A word to the wise is infuriating.
I never met a man that I didn't like.
Cause I'm Irish, and everyone remembers me.
I have a terrible memory
I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography.
Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses.
When I grow up, I'd like to be dangerous.
Wit is educated insolence.
The sh*t's gonna splatter, start buggin, yo..."Mencheres to Cat
Familiarity breeds contempt and children.
Sex is like air
Bite me, Harry Potter.
I like girls who eat Carrots. ~ Louis Tomlinson
Don't mess with a wizard when he's wizarding!
Talk is cheap. Show me the code.
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
Welcome to Hell. Here's your accordion.
Why isn’t the word “phonetically” spelled with an “f”?
The Princess Andromeda?""Went ka-boom.
Har. Bloody. Har.
There's no room for demons when you're self-possessed.
Mirrors should think longer before they reflect.
Snoring keeps the monsters away.
What doesn't kill us makes us funnier.
Ow! My brains!
Likest thou jelly within thy doughnut?
Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark.
Punctuation, is? fun!
Emergency dance party--go away.
To err is human, to purr is feline.
I’ve been thinking.” “A dangerous pursuit.” “Indeed.
I know how to use a fellytone now.
Don't run I never liked fast food
Tarzan-like men are my weakness, apparently.
I'm as pure as the driven slush.
No. Don't distract me with your sexy talk.
Elaine: Ugh, I hate people.Jerry: Yeah, they're the worst.
Excruciating agony makes me cranky.
Babe!
I always listen to you. Except when I don't.
Dead. Never been that before. Not even once.
Pranks vs school= pranks win all day
Slumber party with Dracula, all things considerd why not?
Cats don't need to be possessed
You know your Lamborghini is on fire, right?
Everything not forbidden is compulsory
Hey, yummy leather guy? Can you hear me? (Amanda)
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.
The secret to humor is surprise.
Hell's holy stars and freaking stones shit bells.
Writer’s block is only a failure of the ego.
Monkeys can't talk, stupid!
Grandfather informs me that is not possible.
You rush a miracle worker, you get lousy miracles!
The shortest distance between two people is a smile.
Literature doesn’t exactly have a strong mental-health track record.
Computers are like Old Testament gods
Darwin says people like you need to die.” (Carrow)
As we all know, blinking lights means science.
Cheaters never prosper. (Because they suck.)
I'm not a vegetarian! I'm a dessertarian!
Merlin’s beard.
Electricity is really just organized lightning
That's ridiculous." Especially the part about Christian being manly.
I can't give a Professor love!
Where does a werewolf sleep? Anywhere he wants to.
That craptastical, gutless, son-of-a-cactus-humping butt monkey!!
TANDAAN: mahirap mafriendzone, pero madali lang gumanti!
Her majesty is one verb short of a sentence.
I'm a 21st-century kid trapped in a 19th-century family.
Humor is also a way of saying something serious.
Falling in love is painful on the knees.
It'd Be a Lot Cooler If You Did.
What's that?""That's my attack poodle.
Plans are invitation to disappointment.
Could we wear spandex and blow things up?
…well just call me Hannibal Lecter. With cleavage.
Normal" is just a setting on your dryer.
I'm your friend, and friends don't let friends die.
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.
I'm the crazy girly captain, Remember?
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.
I had a polynomial once. My doctor removed it.
Do you find this...distracting?
All persons, living and dead, are purely coincidental.
He specialized in the murder of dreams, Hazel Grace...
It's all bullshit, folks and it's bad for ya.
Revenge is sweet and not fattening.
That's it, cupcake. You're going down.
Somewhere, the zebra is dancing.
Zoo-Wee Mama!
I like pancakes.
I'm amazing and studly, but I have limits.
Women are sneaky.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
We made too many wrong mistakes.
Tut, Tut, looks like rain
Hell's bells, irony blows.
Do you sleep naked?
I'd rather be fried alive and eaten by Mexicans.
I'm not stubborn. My way is just better.
Don't be stupid, it's a flying house!
He was a writer and words were his weapons.
I hate patience. Slows everything down.
I'm about as intimidating as a butterfly.
Easy. Peasy
You can't save everyone, though God knows you try.
I was also built from delusional optimism and folly.
Holy mother of rectangles.
I box in yellow Gox box socks.
I'm so horny the crack of dawn isn't safe.
Nobody comes here anymore, its too crowded
You just noticed? You're slow...
I'm sorry I hurt your hand...with my face."-Bobby Pendragon
I like maxims that don't encourage behavior modification.-Calvin
We are gods with anuses.
Was that you, Pooky Bear?
If he's getting married, he's not longer interesting.
I totally carpe-d the snot out of this diem!
God, I love a man who reads
My geekness is a-quivering.
We were just looking at maps...
I've won Satan's lottery.
Why are there five syllables in the word “monosyllabic”?
A novelist can’t be without a kimono and pen!(Shigure)
The dead are way more organized than the living.
It seemed Lady Luck hated me worse than usual.
Why is a carrot more orange than an orange?
One can never have enough socks
My Zombie apocalypse plan is simple but effective
When humor goes, there goes civilization.
And so the Universe ended.
Compromise is a stalling between two fools.
Sarcasm creates a chasm between yourself and others.
Kitty need's a tounge bath
Good-humor is a philosophic state of mind
Am I still married to a cat? (Adrian)
Kalle Fucking Blomkvist
Get me outa here. F*ckin' creepy cheerleaders.
How’s Her Royal Bitchiness?” “Alive.” “Pity.
Tink's a Disneyland whore!"-Jenks
EH.MA.GAWD.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Wise men speak because they have something to say
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter
Like all magnificent things, it's very simple.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman.
belief is the death of intelligence.
Wisest is she who knows she does not know.
Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure
I don't want to be a tree
People know what they do
Know thyself? If I knew myself, I'd run away.
There are no ordinary moments.
Take it easy, but take it.
The menu is not the meal.
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
A cult is a religion with no political power.
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
Fair speech may hide a foul heart.
Who is John Galt?
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Knowledge is power is time is money.
I am my world.
No man was ever wise by chance
Be wiser than other people if you can
All is mystery
I am one thing, my writings are another.
I think, therefore I'll think.
If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.
All men by nature desire knowledge.
Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow.
Things are not always what they seem
All the world's a stage.
...when dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases.
There isnt always an explanation for everything.
Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing?
Philosophy can make people sick.
Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.
Plato was a bore.
...reality is always plural and mutable.
Truth is neither ojectivity nor the balanced view
I only know that I know nothing
Things always become obvious after the fact
This inhuman place makes human monsters.
The map is not the territory.
Everyone is the other and no one is himself.
To ridicule philosophy is really to philosophize.
Nothing important is learned
Hope does not leave without being given permission.
...the rarest of all human qualities is consistency.
Philosophy is common sense with big words.
Do you shovel to survive, or survive to shovel?
Philosophy cannot be taught
if you want it really, you get it !!!
Everybody knows that Aristotelian two-value logic is fucked.
Philosophy is the highest music.
The square root of I is I.
The best ideas are common property
All are one
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
The only safe thing is to take a chance.
Freedom is obedience to self-formulated rules.
Imagine others complexly.
Pactum serva" - "Keep the faith
I strive for perfection - I settle for satisfaction
We can't avoid reasoning
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Death isn't the end, it's the beginning.
In presence of the Moon nobody sees stars.
I am a citizen of the world.
All things fade and quickly turn to myth.
I have forgotten my umbrella.
Life's managed, not cured.
Forgiveness is created by the restitution of the abuser
Few things are more deceptive than memories.
The best things in life are crazy.
What if nobody showed up at Armageddon?
..the most dangerous animal in a zoo is Man.
All actual life is encounter.
A writer always writes.
All my problems bow before my stubbornness.
High thoughts must have high language.
Is it better to be loved or feared?
Love is a cowboy's hardest ride.
Don't think, but look! (PI 66)
All religions are based on obsolete terminology.
The only value of wasted time is knowledge.
We do not create life, we create death.
You cannot connect with anyone except through reality.
Distraction serves evil more than any other mental state.
God is an ever-receding pocket of? scientific ignorance.
What we cannot bear removes us from life
Kendati batas antara kebebasan dan ketidakpedulian terkadang saru
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
Pursue not the outer entanglements
Impossible things are really rough to do, you know.
Body is a home, a prison and a grave.
Writing blooms flowers for mind, which last forever.
Having just enough life to enjoy being dead.
In truth, Freud sees nothing and understands nothing.
The better organized the state, the duller its humanity.
Words are the clothes thoughts wear.
Call no man happy until he is dead.
Hope burns eternal in the human heart.
Conformity to the present is invisibility to the future.
Violence begins with the fork.
Knowledge is responsibility, which is why people resist knowledge.
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
It's not oil that runs the world, it's shame.
Socrates should have written comics.
Sitting still is a pain in the ass.
Treat everyone you meet as if they were you.
The truth is helpless when up against perception
All statistics have outliers.
When the heart is dry the eye is dry.
Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.
They grew
What comes, is called.
Beauty as we feel it is something indescribable
Omnia vincit amor" - "Love conquers all
Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you
Love life, Live Love
Education is meaningless without manners
Ideas are the source of all things
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
?nsano?lu nedense anlayamad??? ?eylere kötülemeye meyilli.
la vida sólo puede ser entendida mirando hacia atrás
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art
Deep connection is the antidote to madness.
Don't write to sell, write to tell.
By that which you kill are you bound.
Never say never
Pride makes us artificial
Life is a book. We fill the pages.
Her maktul katilinde ya?amaya devam eder.
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
The greatest untold story is the evolution of God.
Step out of my sunlight.
For others, in spite of myself, from myself.
Moments are the elements of profit
Philosophy is not a spectator sport.
The world was floods above and fire below
Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism.
Live like a tree, giving, forgiving and free.
Language disguises thought.
Who we are now is all that really matters.
Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself.
The perfect is the enemy of the good.
Raise a smile and lower stress
You have to be an artist and a madman...
Don't hate the media
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld.
It is culture that is the bully."
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
All beings so far have created something beyond themselves
Some of us are busy doing things
Good authors worry about genres great authors don't.
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory
A lie never grows old.
The cinema is truth 24 frames-per-second
Life is like yoga
For a game, you don’t need a teacher.
Never say no to now
Ignore a person kill the person.
Where humanitysowed faith, hope, and unity, joy’s garden blossomed.
A stone is heavy and the sand is weighty
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think.
We're on a planet, relax!
Light in comparison with darkness is a void.
Together, "Light and Knowledge" are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable.
Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.
You must go on.I can’t go on.I’ll go on.
There's more to logic than identifying logical fallacies.
Love is my inner strength and my power.
Be kind. It will reveal your true inner beauty.
Art is whatever you can get away with.
Be a worthy worker and work will come.
One does what one is
To be, or not to be: what a question!
When your tears become invisible, disappear
What's the survival value of obsessing on a sunset?
All is flux
Never let your uniqueness be compromised
?????????? ?????? ????????, ? ?????????? ????? ???????? ? ???????.
We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways.
Life is a complexwith real and imaginary parts
MIGHT, something God only has.
At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear.
When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine
As individuals express their life, so they are.
See the moon? It hates us.
Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible.
Laughter is the antidote to existential pain
If you think fate is fickle, try tempting it
Every country has the government it deserves.
The rider evolved to serve to the elephant.
Wisdom is seeing something in a non-habitual manner.
Love delayed is lust augmented.
Death is never an excuse to stop living.
We must think beyond ourselves
If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.
Sublime natures are seldom clean!
Philosophy is one reason which could lead to death.
Brahman is the ultimate reality
At the heart of nature’s mystery lies another mystery.
A true confession: I believe in a soluble fish.
You need contradictions to make an ideal.
Pay attention to me.
Life is what you portrait it!
Great losses are great lessons.
You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.
Asshole Proximity Disorder
Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.
Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.
Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.
My depth has no depth
When the mind is free, magic happens.
Want less, live more
A loud smile is often a fake laugh.
Man is an end in himself.
Compassion is the basis of all morality
To question reason is to trust it.
Excess of strength alone is proof of strength
My world is about stories that entertain
Love gives you eyes.
Your educators can only be your liberators.
What is left when honor is lost?
Giving is the only way of taking part
The Shadow-maker shapes forever.
Time is just quantified eternity.
I am an i poet.
The sun symbolizes the Divine intelligence
One always has a choice.
The western mind makes definitions
Give love, take pride
Children are like sponges
Ethics is a dream.
The universe is a philosophical abyss.
La prueba de ausencia no es prueba de ausencia
Wenn man nachts nicht schläft, werden Träume wahr.
Le spectacle est la reconstruction matérielle de l'illusion religieuse.
Jigga, Kells, Not Guilty
If you don't look. You can't see.
See the world for what it is.BEAUTIFUL!
It's the little things that make big things happen.
Lo que sabemos es una gota de agua
I’d like to be the moon in your sky.
Results are always hidden in thoughts and actions.
It is not what we have that matters
In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.
Be in limits, life will never limit you.
A true philosopher must never give up.
Sin is a gravitation.
Animals are irrational men
Il pessimismo radicale sconfina nell'ottimismo.
? ?? ??????????? ?????????????? ? ???????????. ??. ???? ??????????
Honor has not to be won
The Philosopher's Motto: I came, I saw, I pondered!
Question everything, unless it's the answer
My ship came in,then it sank!
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? - Who watches the watchmen?
Logika adalah keadilan dan dialektika adalah kebijaksanaan
Great understanding is broad and unhurried
A poet is not an apostle
Philosophers console themselves with explanations.
??? ?????? ??????? ?????????????? ???????.
Dove la moralità è troppo forte l'intelletto perisce.
Good god it's great to be a Bull Mongoni!
We chart delusions through collective agreement.
Time is the Mind of Space.
We make versions, and true versions make worlds.
We are not our own light.
Truth may start out timid, but it finishes bold.
Is beauty enhanced or adulterated by utility?
Certainty a strange Ferris wheel of a statement!
Une philosophie doit etre portative.
It ain't no broken.
I am philosophical Christ
Depression! It really gets you down.
When you separate thought from life, you get philosophy.
Logical positivism is philosophy from the neck up.
I was born on the cusp of technology.
When you're lost in space
We want your skull! Make no bones about it!
I'm collecting for God. Can you spare a smile?
Tickles are what power my giggle machine.
Simplicity is one complication that I can live without.
Love is spelt C-O-L-O-R.AndColor is spelt L-O-V-E.
A revived spirit, a renewed soul.
God is our great Master.
Hi! I'm Tech Savvy!
Preach in hatred and you will only find love.
A dwarf will always tell tall stories.
A stranger may find beauty in you yet.
A realidade sempre é mais interessante.
I am in your thoughts.You are in my dreams.
When you share my heart. You share my love.
In God's garden even the weeds are beautiful.
F.O.I. protects the guilty, but not the innocent!
Everybody is guilty. It's only the innocent that aren't.
Life is a dancing dream.
Bellybuttons are our link with the past.
Eyebrows are what give the eyes focus
A dove carries peace on its wings.
Love powers my heart and color powers my soul.
We are the universe.
Life without love, is the soul without the spirit.
The older the friendship, the stronger the trust.
I can wait until my heart bleeds with sorrow.
(...) greed that preys on human misery (...)
Never eat potato chips without first opening the packet!
A road to nowhere will always go somewhere.
Do we ever get slow rain?
Life is the longest journey.
We never solve the big questions
It's time to fly.Care to join me?
True friendship doesn't include jealousy.
The act of living is a revolutionary right.
DEATH is big business.Thank god for capitalism.
Imagination is the sacred intuition.
Tyrants don't become a success.They become obsessed!
L'honneste est stable et permanent.
Happiness is just a smile away.
What we do is what means the most.
Even jellyfish have a life. So, what's your excuse?
Smartness without wisdom is stupidity.
Patience usually requires a little apathy.
If integrity was legal, honesty would be a crime.
The legacy left by man shall be barren earth
It's when you smell the breeze
My soul pines for the color in my heart.
You're much better off with a dogthan a dogma.
Vanity is man's love affair with himself.
If you build a wall they won't come.
You never cease to be unique.
..."SORRY."...Just doesn't cut it anymore!
Pink colors my world with love.
Pink colors my world red!
A philosopher's main task is to compulsively filibuster
Pink colors my world!
If you don't think it.You'll never do it!
Colors don't come in shapes.They come in depth.
Your fangs aren't as sharp as your tongue.
The only education is enlightenment.
Staring is half the victory in love.
When you remain silent, your voice is the loudest.
Death is just the birth of yet another odyssey.
A good man shares his knowledge selflessly with everyone.
Liking colors doesn't make you shallow.It gives you depth!
The world will go on with or without humanity.
Sometimes, I just wish.
War sells!
I'm not insincere. I just don't care, that's all.
Rainbows make great pets,because they're already house trained.
The beauty of God, is God himself.
A week is an eternity between lovers.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
There are no facts, only interpretations.
Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.
The only truth is music.
Truth never damages a cause that is just.
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.
Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Boredom: the desire for desires.
The best lies were always mixed with truth.
Nothing is ever certain.
What's done cannot be undone.
Nothing is real.
A thing may happen and be a total lie
Does truth have a moral?
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
This above all: to thine own self be true.
Trust starts with truth and ends with truth.
Truth is on the side of the oppressed.
Sometimes what we want isn't what we need.
Lies run sprints, but the truth runs marathons.
Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable.
Like all dreamers I confuse disenchantment with truth.
I always tell the truth. Even when I lie.
You should not honor men more than truth.
My bullshit meter is reading that as 'false'.
Words are like eggs dropped from great heights
Convictions are more dangerous foes of truth than lies.
The color of truth is grey.
Nothing is yet in its true form.
Some things aren't meant to be known. Only believed.
In darkness God's truth shines most clear.
Hypocrites get offended by the truth.
Knowing the truth is not always a kindness.
The truth will make you odd.
Belief can be manipulated. Only knowledge is dangerous.
Truth is a matter of the imagination.
Knowledge is a destination. Truth, the journey.
When everything gets answered, it's fake.
There is no truth," Stephanie said mysterously. "Only perspectives.
I cannot love a man who cannot protect me.
Gossip, as usual, was one-third right and two-thirds wrong.
Falsehood is never in words
Somebody knows.
Hell is truth seen too late.
Don't change your mind just because people are offended
Everything is permitted, Nothing is true.
Truthfulness so often goes with ruthlessness.
Some truths are truths, no matter who says them.
But some secrets are too delicious not to share.
I am not afraid to die
...oppression is as American as apple pie...
Facts are the enemy of truth.
Submit to God and be at peace with him
Never assume the obvious is true.
The perfect killer has no friends. Only targets.
Truth is the only safe ground to stand on.
Belief means not wanting to know what is true.
Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.
Love without truth is sentimentality
Becoming hurts.
In wine, there's truth.
The first casualty when war comes is truth.
To hate others is ugly.To hate yourself is uglier.
People are basically irritating. Myself included.
It's only words... unless they're true.
The truth is more important than the facts.
The truth is seldom welcome, especially at dinner.
The Gift of Truth excels all other Gifts.
Truth! Freedom! Justice! And a hard-boiled egg!
I have no ambition to govern men
The truth between two people always cuts two ways.
I only feel like myself when I am alone.
The truth comes to me. The truth loves me.
In Western Civilization, our elders are books.
Power is not a means
Do you want this to be a love story?
I tried.Can't do it.Brain's empty.
And where love ends, hate begins
Religious structure often dilutes the spiritual experience.
Don't doubt yourself, that's what haters are for.
The truth of the story lies in the details.
A woman with good shoes i never ugly!
Purity of heart is what enables us to see.
Faith is believing in something you know isn't true.
Proper lighting is everything, Julianna.
Eyes shows lies.
A little truth seasons a lie like salt.
Why do relationships have to be so complicated?
The greatest enemy to fear is truth.
Brilliance is impossible without a touch of insanity.
The truth brings no man a fortune.
Whatever demon invented stiletto-heeled boots should roast in hell...
Even things that are true can be proved.
There is nothing more ancient than the truth.
Trust is always a good idea. For someone else.
That wasn't love
Never run from the truth. It is always there
The truth has become an insult.
Fake sUCKs!
If we amplify everything, we hear nothing.
The perfect killer has no conscience.
Half-truths are worth more than outright lies.
Nothing but truth is immortal.
Scepticism is the first step towards truth.
If we act like prey, they’ll act like predators
the squeeky wheel gets the grease.
Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.
The truth was stranger than the official fiction.
When you procrastinate you become a slave to yesterday.
You believe what your eyes want to believe!
I hear my silence talked of in every lane
Many lies lie between one truth.
The perfect killer has no identity.
Mika: Were you happy?Hiro: I was so happy.
From the mouths of the innocents flows truth.
Words have weight.
News told, rumors heard, truth implied, facts buried.
Symbols can be so beautiful, sometimes.
Women talk when they want to. Or don't.
The truth is like a lion
Hell is truth known too late.
If I don't eat junk, I don't gain weight.
Within every elaborate lie, a kernel of truth.
Hope is for people who can't see the Truth.
You cannot believe everything you hear
There's no God higher than truth.
What you see is what you see
I come from Des Moines. Somebody had to.
I am not cruel —only truthful.
Sometimes playing stupid opens your eyes to the truth.
Decide what your truth is. Then live it.
Complaining is truly my strongest weakness.
Superficiality is the curse of the modern world.
For truth is always strange
To crooked eyes truth may wear a wry face
The ordinary can be like medicine.
Friends ask you questions
Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay
There are always consequences to the truth.
The truth will set you free. Unless you're guilty.
In war, the first casualty is truth.
Disinformation is duping. Misinformation is tricking.
Pick a truth that blesses your life!
Men don't need linguistic talent
A true friend doesn't have guts
Die Wahrheit hat keinen Erfolg.
....Kebenaran tidak perlu di iklankan...
Dream Song:The heavens Go with me.
A lie twice believed is self decieved
Truth is dangerous.
You're stubborn- anyone ever tell you that before?
The truth is often one's best shield.
I didn't care about truth
Nobody wants to tell a truth which harms himself.
Overconfidence blurs out the risk. Inferiority magnifies it.
I'm one of my sensations.
When you can't tell the truth, tell *a* truth.
They're the ones inside a soap bubble. Not me.
When you think you're right, you're most likely wrong.
Knowing belongs to man's intellect or reason
The truth is, the Devil's job is easy.
Comments are free but facts are sacred.
Dementia was like a truth serum.
When it rains," her father said "it pours.
You can't get decent Mexican food in DC.
Truth does not surround itself with lies.
She's my daughter. She's my sister.
Schmerz ist Wahrheit
If you want the answer—ask the question.
Spiritually is finding the truth in you.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
Only courageous hearts can endure the bitterness of truth.
Ignoring your conscience is the first violation of Truth.
Too many kings can ruin an army
Beauty is truth, truth beauty
Hope is bulletproof, truth just hard to hit
Some people would rather be right than free.
Personal experience is the basis of all real literature.
Silence is the mother of truth.
Truth must necessarily be stranger than fiction
Life is difficult.
Science is only a Latin word for knowledge
The truth is in the heart
Bullshit takes no genius,even fool senses its' foul.
Only the winner and coward may survive.
The life of truth is cold.
Today wouldn't have happened if histories weren't falsified.
The best fiction is true.
In any government, interests precede truth.
I know certain truths about life.
Stand up for what is right against the wrong.
What you choose also chooses you.
Truth must be found in reality, not systems.
The most popular labor saving device is still money.
Stand up for what is just against the unjust.
Poverty is not a disgrace, but it's terribly inconvenient
Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
We tend to be judged because of our actions.
Tonight started innocently enough. Most terrible things do, right?
Šausm?gi daudz taisn?bu. Nojukt var, ja nav sav?j?s.
There are two kinds of truth
If you're explaining, you're losing.
Me truthful... you mendacious.. !!
Telling the truth can be a dirty job.
Nothing can stop a lie whose fashion has come...
Perception is the lie that we convince ourselves exists
There's a weird logic that explains a common truth.
Humor is the whole truth.
Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.
The media—stenographers to power.
Hoax needed to complete the premises of truth.
Nothing exists without its opposite.
In no man's land, alien is the queen.
Sometimes I think everyone's an attorney.
There is no conscience in a real war.
Sometimes the truth feels good.
I was born handsome and I will die handsome.
Ridicule is the best test of truth.
Truth is immortal
Fear nothing but your conscience.
Nichts Interessantes ist jemals richtig.
In God's eyes, we're all the same.
The dead never go to their own funeral.
Being truthful is the new beautiful.
the gods play nofavorites.
I thought I had everything until I found you.
God existed before every religion
Never submit we are all equals
Face the truth or the truth will face you!
You can't be spontaneous within reason.
Truth has rough flavours if we bite it through.
It won't hurt until you feel it.
if its gets rough, you need to get tough.
Your greatest path of influence is love.
My life is my testimony.
War kills everybody, including the ones who live.
A PRIME TRUTH - MAN IS SELFISH(Name of chapter)
Truth starts with truth and ends with truth.
How gleefully life shreds our well crafted plans.
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
All we know is what we're told.
Usually, if you think something's wrong, it probably is...
One thing I love about politicians
Money and religion are perfect alloy.
Truth is most beautiful undraped.
Fact and fiction are different truths.
There must be repressed truth even in lies.
Time turns our lies into truths.
I prefer truth-based entertaining idealism.
Thoreau was an idiot.
History engineered if the facts couldn't be generally accepted.
If words are the truth, what is living for?
We speak the truth because we live in truth.
The truth stinks. Thus it's covered.
Truth resists being projected into the realm of knowledge.
Colonel: Tell me what is the T.R.U.T.H, Doctor!Doctor: Total.Reveal.Using.Therapeutic.Hologram
Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
Righteousness is the truth revealed and working in you.
Deep down, everyone wants the truth.
Bigotry dwarfs the soul by shutting out the truth.
History is a better guide than good intentions.
Was man wünscht, das glaubt auch jeder.
The principles you know determines what you get
Making love with strangers is how you get hurt.
Don't be so loyal to your mind
No truth, no light.
Your personal truth is your gift to the world.
I pass and I stay, like the Universe.
Everything’s different from us. That’s why everything exists.
Truth is worse than soap in the eyes.
Intentions of a man reflects in his actions.
Silence is a powerful tool.
Tell the truth no matter who it hurts.
Heart - FamilyBody - LazyMind - WorkSoul - Happy
The fishhook catches the fish
Update your truth! There is no soul
Truth is only what we like to hear....
In the essence of truth lies deceit.
Truth without love, isn't.
In a myriad of ways you tell one truth.
I died last night. Seventy years too young.
The Trial of Poppy Moon is free over Easter.
Everything that is,casts a shadow
I'm Grateful to say I'm Grateful
Stories are not like the real world
Against an oath
In simplicity there is truth.
The truth will form and fall apart again.
Look beneath the surface
But the truth is the highest consideration.
Afterlife exist in the unidentified substances.
Science blasphemed when tries to eliminate scarcity in economy.
Truth is commodity in political consumption.
Be true, unbeliever.
Selfrighteous creates wars more often than other reasons.
Sugar candy tasted better than bitter truth.
Wer lügt, hat die Wahrheit immerhin gedacht.
Umgangsformen sind Formen, die zunehmend umgangen werden.
The truth, finally, is who can tell it.
Nanak dukhiya sab sansar.
Failure is a fuel for excuses.
God has no religion.
I talk to God but the sky is empty.
God save us from people who mean well.
There is but one good
[E]xceptional claims demand exceptional evidence.
Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire?
Quit questioning God and start trusting Him!
I have found God, but he is insufficient.
Without God all things are permitted.
My arms are too short to box with God.
We are nearer to him than his jugular vein.
God dwells within you, as you.
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.
God is the same everywhere.
It's our faith that activates the power of God.
gray hair is gods graffiti
Woman is the light of God.
Only God is awesome.
God's only excuse is that he does not exist
People make the rules of society, not God.
Even God has a hell: his love of Mankind.
Did I hear God call me an idiot?
God, who am I?
We regard God as an airman regards his parachute
All that is not God is death.
The gods too are fond of a joke.
God dances with the outcast.
Where I will find peace other than in oblivion?
Hidup hanya menunda kekalahan.
God doesn't bless us just to make us happy
For every thing that lives is Holy.
Men always makes gods in their own image.
There's no safety outside of God.
Spirituality is not about being fixed
We are all butterflies. Earth is our chrysalis.
If you understood him, it would not be God.
Science Fiction: Any scientific acclaim that omits God.
The gods have become our diseases.
Marriage isn't about Winning - It's about Lasting
CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!
The world is charged with the grandeur of God.
He was a wise man who invented God.
God hides the fires of hell within paradise.
It's time we capture our imaginations for Christ
Only the hopeless love God.
Happiness is inseparably connected with decent, clean behavior.
Is anything too hard for the Lord? (Genesis 18:14)
I'm only a tool, beloved. Not your Savior
God created heaven on earth but man created hell.
He is not apprehended by reason, but by life.
Coincidence is God's way of being anonymous.
God is dead and I am his replacement.
Jeder für sich und Gott gegen alle
What you cant forget... God cant remember!
With God, all things are possible.
With God, all things are possible. Matthew 19:26
God gave us the gift of life
Prayers are to men as dolls are to children.
Everyone knows that God protects drunkards and lovers.
We speak, but it is God who teaches.
My God is love and sweetly suffers all.
To me, God is like this happy bus driver.
Man invents nothing God did not create first.
I don't belive in God. I believe in...Al Pacino.
A cannonball travels only two thousand miles an hour
Bidden or unbidden, God is present.
Whose little boy are you?
Heaven means to be one with God.
This heart belongs to you alone.
Shoulders are from God, and burdens too.
God sends meat and the devil sends cooks.
What do I love when I love my God?
Your Excellency, I have no need of this hypothesis.
You are not on a journey to God
God is a book I can no longer read.
Your Mercy is my social status.
God is the composer
While humans play God, dogs learn from their masters.
the golden eternity is { }
Tough times don't define you, they refine you. ?
God loves us, but the devil takes an interest.
There are always consequences to wrong choices.
Rencana Allah selalu indah...
Deliver thunder, GodIf you choose not to talk.
Keep on the watch and pray
It sounds as if you'd like to be God.
But, God knows best, I concluded.
God is only where you let Him in
A prayer is a chat with thy God.
The mathematicians are the priests of the modern world.
An ugly face needs make-up
Is it not the same distance to God everywhere?
The Steadfast Love of the Lord is not Seasonal
We are often harsher judges than God himself.
Grace is God-given power to live differently.
God transforms us one area at a time.
There’s enough metaphysics in not thinking about anything.
We must surrender ourselves to God, not our assignments.
Tears are God's way of cleansing the heart.
God doesn't believe in the easy way.
Our God Is Alive and Well. Sorry About Yours.
Only God can mend a broken heart.
God tests, but he does not tempt.
Genetic code is a divine writing.
The divine is always abominable."Houses Under The Sea
God listens through the atomic door of love.
There either is a god or there is not
If God is anonymous, let it be.
God's dream is interwoven into reality by humans.
Total Enlightenment is 'Vision without Purpose'.
Above all, trust in the slow work of God.
First knowledge is the knowledge of God.
Service to humanity is service to God.
God chose to save you for a purpose
The Lord is God. God is Holy.
the gods seldomgivebut so quicklytake.
Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.
God is a cloud from which rain fell.
Cosmos is God, who whispered the syllable of life.
the grandeur of God reveals itself through simple things
God is busy and has no time for you.
Words are God’s gift to mend a broken soul.
Prayer ain't weakened by distance.
When following God, Zero we never find.
The world is God's salvation.
Choose to view life through God's eyes.
Dumnezeu este doar unul ?i acela?i pretutindeni.
God Only Knows the Issue.
Your mind was made to know and love God.
Spiritual yearning is the homesickness of the soul.
Children, like God, see only our actions.
God goes with thoughtless people.
Dominance is only for GOD.
God is as real as a station wagon.
Ieder beest bidt op zijn manier.
What distances can be explored without God?
In the desert, the only god is a well.
Only God would adore his own death.
I know there is only oneGovernorOfDeities.
The Holy Scripture is a holy instruction of God.
Faith is to follow God.
What an awe God we serve?
We are all innocent, until we die.
Doubt is how you find God
You ruin is your rebellion against God.
O God make us your people. Be our God!
The glory of God is our rear guard.
He wounds but he heals.
I believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
The truth speaks for itself.
The love of God encompasses us.
God of mercy!
God of peace!
God of hope.
Ah God! What a loving father you are!
Are we eager to know the ways of God?
The Repairer is a Restorer.
Oh God, teach us thy truth.
Please God, be merciful to me!
Eternity to eternity , God is God.
The gift of God is grace.
A servant of the Lord , loves God.
Everlasting God!
Faith in Christ Jesus is the grace of God.
God is my peace.
God is my security.
God is my spiritual Father.
God is my heavenly Father.
God is my King.
God is my counselor .
God is my Sovereign Lord.
God is my joy.
God is my everlasting Father.
God is my Wonderful Counselor.
The righteous God promotes the cause of righteousness.
Whoever gains good understanding, keeps God's commandment.
Faith in God is a possibility.
Believe in God is the beauty of being.
God is my fortress.
God is my refuge.
God is my helper.
We perish because we fail to pray to God.
God is Maker of heaven and earth.
God is the Maker of heaven and earth.
God is King of kings.
God is the Lord of lords.
God is the heavenly father.
The garden of God is full of ripen fruits.
Only the living souls can praise the living God.
Faith is holy fear of God.
Holy fear of God is to depart from evil.
God is my shelter.
God is my defender.
God is my safety.
Great is God.
The Holy God performs righteous acts.
The holy God proved holy by his righteous acts.
It is pleasing to try the patience of God.
Follow the ways of God.
The greatness of God's government knows no end.
Thank God who delivered us from harsh labour.
Gladness comes from God.
the great Judge rules with justice.
God rules with righteousness.
God is the great Judge.
God is my strength.
God is my salvation.
God is my provider.
God is my HOPE.
Faith is the knowledge of God.
Reliance on God is the best thing to do
I am an advocate of godliness, not of god.
Time: the Ever-flowing pen of God.
God first loved us.
God is the Everlasting Counselor.
God is the Wonderful Counselor.
God is the Everlasting Father.
The greatness of God knows no end.
God is the Prince of Peace.
The godly shall seek God.
The godly shall pray to God.
The godly shall desired God.
The Maker is the Mighty One.
Oh God your love is so overwhelming!
My first love is the heavenly Father.
The mystery of the gospel is inexpressible.
Do not take the grace of God for granted.
God's ways of making Himself known are infinite.
God, please give us more grace!
The essence is HIS presence.
Nature plays its role to strengthen the connection.
God knows when you need what.
Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
God is the Father of Jesus Christ.
Whoever loves God, pray for purity.
The Might God, Eternal Father.
Ah, what an awe great God!
Faith in God is a blessed hope.
Most High God, how excellent is thy Holy name.
The fear of God is the beginning of knowledge.
The holy knowledge is the fear of God.
Bless God who gives you life.
Without the knowledge of God ,we perish.
If you find God, you shall be free forever.
The city of God is filled with glorious things.
The Maker is the Most High.
The invisible God.
God is the fountain of all living waters.
Our first loyalty is to the Lord God.
God is the ROCK of all ages.
Faith means be faithfulness to God.
Faith means faithfulness to God.
The only true testimony is the Truth of God.
We are what we.
Everlasting love, unfailing kindness.
God is a witness to anything done in secret.
Every secret deed lays opened before God.
The greatest KNOWLEDGE is the knowledge of GOD.
The Holy God gives grace.
A man only misfortune is to forsake his Maker.
Righteousness is of God, the righteous Ruler.
Faith is a sweet fellowship with God.
Grace comes from God.
Parents must teach their children the fear of God.
Hate sin. Love righteousness of God.
Forgiveness is the fruit of fellowship.
The spirit calls, I must surrender.
We must submit to God's righteous rule.
May I never dishonour the name of God.
True respect respects all men, it values all people.
God is calling us home to each other.
God's plan for our lives is a perfect purpose.
We are what God has made us.
God's love is eternal.
Cast your cares
The Truth is true testimony of God.
The Kingdom of God abideth forever.
Grace is a free gift from God.
Grace freely given by God.
Grace freely given by God,
Grace is freely given by God.
Faith in God is the only force there is.
Every man needs God's mercy.
Grace is a good gift of God.
Against ignorance, God Himself is helpless.
The faithfulness of the heavenly father is forever sure.
Thanks be to God for his timely provisions.
To delight in God is to desire Jesus Christ.
The disciples of Jesus Christ, believes in God.
To love God is to love your neighbour.
I look to you, O GOD.
There is no one like the Holy God.
Trust in God, the only wise God.
The wonders of God is beyond description.
Great is the love of God.
Holy, Holy, Holy is the Lord God!
Glory to God in the holy highest heavens.
Grace is the fullness of God.
The grandeur of God, the glory of His majesty.
God your love is great.
GLORY TO GOD!
Prayer means God of mercy have pity on us.
God is the giver of life.
All things are possible when we believe in God.
The sacred soul is full of God's spirit.
keep searching, keep seeking.
We must seek the inner self, the power within.
God is a consuming fire.
Worship God with deep reverence.
God is mighty in splendor.
Submit to the Father of spirit, God.
Thank God for the gift of life.
Search for the Divine Being.
The God of Hope!
THE GRACE OF GOD.
You carry God, hence you have a worth.
No man was born empty.
The only wisdom is to fear God.
The holy faith is the fear of God.
Solitude with God is a place for pregnancy.
Blessed Saviour, blameless LORD.
Without godliness, we are unable to see God.
You can be man of great net worth.
Your self-worth is totally different from your net-worth.
You have something already, you have a worth, self-worth.
God is our Holy Father.
God is our Spiritual Father.
Abide in the faith of God.
If we desire God, we shall seek His Kingdom.
If we love God, we shall desire godliness.
Godliness is a devotion to God.
You need to discover something that will impact humanity.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Never laugh at live dragons.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Angry people are not always wise.
Knowing others is intelligence
I'm not young enough to know everything.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.
We learn from failure, not from success!
Never, never, never give in!
All knowledge hurts.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.
Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.
Wise? No, I simply learned to think.
It takes a very long time to become young.
Recognizing power in another does not diminish your own.
No man is poor who has a Godly mother.
Wisely and slow
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door
Lost Time is never found again.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
You will not be punished for your anger
The man of wisdom is never of two minds
My soul is in the sky.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
These violent delights have violent ends.
A man without words is a man without thought.
Treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends
Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.
When in doubt, choose to live.
How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!
Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.
Conceit spoils the finest genius.
Time flows away like the water in the river.
Mistakes are the growing pains of wisdom.
He hated when his own advice applied to himself.
I do not know everything
Many have died
Time ripens all things
A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell.
The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms.
For with much wisdom comes much sorrow
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.
Education is no substitute for intelligence.
Adventure is not outside man
A path is made by walking on it.
Being alive is sign of strength!
Wherever I go, I meet myself.
Silence does not always mark wisdom.
Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent.
Realize that everything connects to everything else.
He who acts, spoils; he who grasps, lets slip.
We understand more than we know.
Wisdom ain't a virtue I ever aspired to.
Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.
Only ignorance excuses stupidity
Chase away sorrow by living
With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.
Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.
Jewels can be replaced, cousin. Independence, once lost, cannot.
There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.
The most complicated skill is to be simple.
Where there is anger there is always pain underneath.
he who will not economize will have to agonize
The sun always shines above the clouds.
The fates lead him who will
Never underestimate your power to change yourself
Don't forget to love yourself.
Old words are reborn with new faces.
A knavish speech sleeps in a fool's ear.
I've learned .... That opportunities are never lost
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.
We're on the same boat but in different cabin
Everybody’s gotta learn, nobody’s born knowing.
All our wisdom is stored in the trees.
Wisdom is the daughter of experience
In a dark time, the eye begins to see.
Suffering teaches joy.
Be first the master of yourself
I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.
Develop the winning edge
Routine feeds the illusion of safety...
He who dares not offend cannot be honest.
The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one's own follies.
Wisdom. . .is knowing what you have to accept.
The more you know, the less you need.
Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
Lady Wisdom will be your close friend
I observe and remain silent.
Misfortunes make us wise
It is a common sentence that knowledge is power
Are we being good ancestors?
Most people know nothing about learning
Success equals goals
Once a wolf, always a wolf.
If you rest, you rust.
All pain is the same.
We tend to live up to our expectations.
Wisdom is justified by all her children.Luke 7:35
Summer grasses,All that remainsOf soldiers' dreams
A moment of consideration often prevents a thousand apologies
Kehidupan lebih nyata daripada pendapat siapapun tentang kenyataan.
Listen. Pay attention. Treasure every moment.
Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.
Habit rules the unreflecting herd.
To believe yourself brave is to be brave
Reading is at the threshold of the spiritual life
The failure mode of clever is “asshole.
Wind is renewable. Turbines are not.
Childbirth is normal until proven otherwise.
Heavenly bodies are nests of invisible birds.
Cheap booze is a false economy.
If love goes too far, it turns into cruelty.
Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.
A house divided cannot stand.
he who is greedy is always in want
The intelligent have plans
Color is the overpowering of black
FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
For the newborn and wise, everything begins small.
Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.
Wisdom mitigates the risk of being honest.
Time is the wisest of all things that are
Leave no stone unturned.
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding
The most talented people are always the nicest.
Wise men speak only of what they know
Don't be cool. Like everything.
Clear nights are sometimes the coldest.
Morality is the weakness of the mind.
Seek to learn constantly while you live
A moment’s beginning ends in a moment
The night is still waiting.
Dream by making and make by dreaming.
When you love you give meaning to this world.
End of a matter is better than its beginning
Self-education is lifelong curiosity.
Stories last longer: but only by becoming only stories.
Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.
Going down in history is a dead end pursuit
It's only hard until it becomes easy.
The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.
Compassion for others is a mark of wisdom.
I am not the river I am the net.
We have all grown wiser.
I am in the world to change the world
Don’t cry and don’t rage. Understand.
all appears to change when we change
Definitions from Mulla Do-PiazaA fool:
Stuff your brain with knowledge.
Ego is recessive in wisdom.
Don't be bashful
Creativity thrives where its roots are crowded.
You can'tstop dreamingjust becausethe night neverseems toend.
Only wise men look for new wisdom.
Experience is never at bargain price.
Opportunity is swift of flight but slow to return.
In friendship, bond not with a shallow man.
Creating a better futureRequires creativity in the present.
The good and wise lead quite lives
Make your ideal your new real.
one should never assume anything
A guilty conscience is jealousy's playground.
all brave men love
No shortcut to wisdom.No tollways to be wise.
To be beyond yourself is the gate to wisdom.
The possibility of the dream gives strength.
Whoever lost the truth has lost him/her self.
To struggle against darkness is not to blunder ignorantly
a problem well put is half solved.
Wisdom comes from reflection.
If we still advise we shall never do.
Human nature is all alike.
Free thinker walks on shortcuts among wisdoms.
We are exactly where we have chosen to be.
Silence will speakIf given an ear
CAN is the enemy of DO.
Only be rebellious for good reasons.
Desire is the seed of potential.
The best lessons learned are from other peoples mistakes.
Only those who row the boat make waves
Don’t become bigoted about bigots.
Life is easy. We make it hard.
There is no dishonor in wisdom.
I do not expect old heads on young shoulders.
We are often more treacherous through weakness than calculation
King Solomon's life reminds meof wisdom, wealth, women, woes.
In every bush lies a nest.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise
Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style
Empathy nurtures wisdom. Apathy cultivates ignorance.
Avoid selling to dumb customers, there aren't enough left!
Haste is from the Devil.
The heart that gives, gathers.
A proof once established is better left so.
Wise men are not pacifists
It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...It Thrills...“IT” Is LIFE...!
Wisdom is indispensable in the fulfillment of purpose".
A Guardian is only as strong as its Muse.
A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching
In science, mistakes always precede the truth.
Freedom flourishes upon the bedrock of ethics and integrity.
Mastery is the breeding ground of fresh, creative passion.
In the dark , everything is scary
We shall live to die once more.
The worship of power is an old religion.
You are as much able as you know
[T]he wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile.
An unwise advisor cannot hope to advise wisely.
????? ???? ??? ????????? 7:1
...you have to be godly to be wise ...
You cannot insult a wise man with wisdom.
Wisdom most of the time takes form of advice.
Is there anyone that knows the absolute truth?
Courteous people learn courtesy from the discourteous
Wisdom’s Pearl doth often dwellClosed in Fancy’s rainbow shell
Die Einsicht eines Menschen verleiht ihre Flügel keinem anderen.
Fear is not the end. But only a transition.
If it doesn't open, it's not your door
I didn't change, I just found myself.
Empowered women empower women.
Even on my worst day I'm Kill'n it!
If you're sad, add more lipstick and attack!
Fight everyday for a better life.
Life is a travel through time.
Wisdom is knowing when you have enough.
One spirit, one shepherd
Those whodisrespect youwith their mouthdon't deserveyour ear.
We make the money
Love is a universal language.
Travel is the dream of travelers.
Intelligence is overrated. Wisdom is under applied.
Let your only graduation be in the grave.
Wisdom : balance between survival, principles and emotions.
To live without love, is to have no light.
Imagination is a holy impressions.
Do not spend all your strength to make money.
Your own soul is nourished when you are kind
We are living in the Selfie Society of Me.
Faith in God is the fruit of the earth.
Wonders encircled the world.
All the things that are worth doing, take time.
You should not judge
one plus one is two
Be humble: have the courage to speak the truth.
Fail soon so that you can succeed sooner.
As a species, wise, harmonious progress is our mission.
Mystics reign where lacks true education.
El sabio puede cambiar de opinión. El necio, nunca.
Patience is a power unto itself.
Don't follow blindly; focus on strengths, not weaknesses
Is there anything greater than life?
God’s Wisdom is only revealed by His Spirit.
The real education never ends.
I embrace my experience and value my wisdom.
Suatu mahakarya butuh pengendapan pikiran dan investasi kesabaran.
In hindsight, events seem logical
Wisdom is the fruit of a balanced development.
One of the evidences of wisdom is order.
Suffering introduces a man to his soul.
Happiness is heaven in human heart.
The taller you stand, the more possibilities you see.
Die wertvollste Reise ist die Reise zu unserem Selbst.
Whatever you experience is what you must feel.
Whatever man seeks lies in his heart of love.
Those who understand will understand.
In youth audacity is wise
Failures make character, not success.
To wonder is to be wise.
The wound is the seed of wonder.
Is man wiser than his Maker?
No one escape death!
Take a simple idea and take it seriously.
God willl the way.
True friendship is th treasure of forgiveness.
The best self is a good being.
The wilderness leads to wonder of the moment.
Walk while you can.
Not everyone who loves music can play the tune.Estelle
Practice bravery every day and the self-worth will come.
The right path is characterised by rough road.
You see, wisdom does not come with grey hairs.
Every wound is a word.
At what point is normal natural?
The wise shall learn.
It is not something we often find out
Motivation gets you started, and inspiration keeps you going.
When you are wise, peace shall follow.
Faith is focus.
Thought doesn't wrap around awareness. Awareness wraps around thought.
Your passion is your connection to God.
Living beings have this in common
We must cultivate our heads. But nurture our hearts.
The world of books is the wealth of being.
I guess knowledge alone does not equal wisdom.
You attract poverty when you lack value for time
Convert everything around you into meaningful products
Joblessness is a time for reflection
Always be a blessing to others
Time is the source of greatness
Invest your time in producing product or service
Put your converted time into something productive
Covert your time for discovery
Production is the greatest assessment of time well spent
Convert your knowledge into product
Everything depends on the wealth of time
Time produces quality product
Wisdom is the ability to see the invisible
Use time to be a seeker of the Kingdom
Time can be used to convert anything
Invest your time adding value to others
Time is the source of all things
Getting fired from work is not a death sentence
Getting fired from work is not a tragedy
Life is the subtotal of time
Life is a totality of time
Time spent wisely gets compensated
Investment is the best thing to do with time
You multiply your life when you invest it
Occupy the earth with the multiplication of yourself
Use time to convert yourself
Use your time to gain knowledge
Convert your time into useful assets
Convert your time into value
Use your time to create yourself
Invest in yourself by discovering your gift
Time is taken to derive wisdom
Wisdom is the result of time well spent
Use time to discover who you are
Always convert your time into wisdom
Nothing exists that is more valuable than time
You can create any product from time
Luck, I believe, is where preparation meets opportunity.
Two footsteps do not make a path.
…blissfulness is the summit of contentment…
Don’t always deprive yourself trying to please others
Money is created from time
Money is a compensation for time spent
Everything is derived from time
Joblessness gives you unlimited access to wealth
They always come back, but we don’t always answer.
It's time to fill the void with me.
Everybody has a right to their own troubles.
The glory of youth is their strength.
Having no curiosity can be a dangerous thing..
In The End We Are Our Choices_nickc
The mystery of the moment is indescribable.
Wisdom solves almost anything
Time alone can nourish or erode our emotions.
Ignorance is the master key of all evils.
Do not forget you will never live forever.
There is madness in the heart of a man.
Evil is of the devil.
Lies and partial truths complicate life.
Your inner voice is your signboard, follow it
Pay attention to proverbs.
Devote time wisely to discover your true self
You can resolve any situation with wisdom
There is nothing to fearFrom your reflection
People are a soul-ego-spacesuit.
Heshima hujengwa kwa hekima, haijengwi kwa misuli.
And don’t forget: Elvendork! It’s unisex!
Perfect understanding of the infinite requires limitless intellectual capacity
Wealth without real worthinessIs no good for the neighbourhood
All beliefs are equally valid.
Man's greatest wisdom is to choose his obsession well.
Even in peace there is war.
Wisdom is found in the heart not the head.
Don't think or judge, just listen.
My Life is My Message
It's time to start living the life you've imagined.
To those who are given much, much is expected.
Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.
Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter
When things go bad, don't go with them.
Open your mind before your mouth
You are what you share.
Prayer is the mortar that holds our house together.
The Futures Bright, Wear Your Sunglasses
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own.
...don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.
I am
Self love is the elixir of an immortal heart.
To be immortal and then die
Your success and happiness lie in you.
Non-fiction can distort
we attract what is happening in our lives
Ye'll never best your fears until ye face them
Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.
Imagination is what you do with your inspiration.
There's only one truth!
IF YOU DON'T GO AFTER WHAT YOU WANT
The beginning is always NOW.
New day, new hopes, new life!!
An empowered heart is one filled with self love.
Being ready is everything.
I Am In Love With Myself, With My Heart.
Share, care, hug like a bear.
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we've touched.
As the earth dies your spirit will bloom
Obey God and leave all the consequences to Him.
Write the book you want to read
I am the best person in the universe.
When God throws something your way, catch it!
A good idea always attracts other good ideas.
Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!
Hatred is a louder exhibition of inability.
Joy is the fountain of youth.
Live joy. Be kind. Love unconditionally.
Sometimes an angel is found in the dark.
Mistakes are not bad
Enchantment lies in everyday moments if you are observant.
Don’t come back when you realize that I’m rare
Kindness and caring are ambrosia for the soul.
You have not failed until you accept your failure.
Failure is the greatest teacher.
Chaos is another name for opportunity
YOU are the magic code that unlocks your happiness.
Always have something to look forward to
Like everything else, Fletcher. Practice.
Facts? What are facts? I only know imagination!
I believe in miracles.... I have to.
Once you discover that you can, you must.
Each day is a giftTo embrace and welcome
Inspiration is sometimes as simple as a shared smile.
Laughter is the divine effervescing.
Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it.
Your healthy love for yourself is sexy!
Your heart is a powerful force. Use it consciously.
I do not regret one moment of my life.
The first step to success it's to imagine it
This is heaven my child.
Anak muda adalah kegelisahan derap langkahnya adalah perubahan.
Life is not about perfection. It's about persistence.
All things are possible if you believe...
Write because you love to write.
Bringing joy to another lights a thousand suns within.
Self-acceptance is pure power.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
You must embrace change before change erases you.
But hell, you've gotta work with what you've got.
...You mistake other people’s success as your own failure...
...Make God's Word your Sourcebook...
You can't test courage cautiously.” (Annie Dillard)
Librarians are tour-guides for all of knowledge.
Those that yield are not always weak
I can manage," said Frodo. "I must.
love yourself,.,.,.,for the sake of  your better future
Don't tawch meh matherfawker!
The day of perfection is not scheduled on earth.
Live well, Laugh often, Love much.
Time changes all things
Transient guests are we.
Feed your self-esteem
Genius is the power of lighting one's own fire!
Start small and keep going.
Turn obstacles into opportunities and problems into possibilities.
Those who win never quit
Be the positive impact on someone’s life.
Interconnection permeates the entire universe. We are all one.
Loving yourself is required for authentic relationships.
Be your own limited edition.
Success is the relentless pursuit of joy.
Hope is holding on to the promises of God.
Wishes are possibilities. Dare to make a wish.
Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.
Peace begins when expectations end.
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.
Enjoy every day and make each day great
IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.
A Controlled Mind Can Create All That It Words...!
You never leave your partner! Especially in a fire!
Life is short,Live it long
You're never losing when you're learning !
We are the ones we've been waiting for.
After Every Storm There Is A Rainbow
you are you when you are true
Not doing harder than doing.
Let yourself be enchanted in small ways.
Go where your nose leads you
Freedom is in the Now
'Pity without rigor would be cowardly egotism, mere sentimentality.'
Awak HEBAT! Buktikan & tonjolkan KEHEBATAN Awak .. =)
When wealth flees, untrue friends follow.
Birth unites women in the power of oneness
Ordinary people never win.
We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Poetry Saved Me
A good loneliness is better than a bad friendship.
True life Is Life Of emptiness and focused.
Calm skies don't make skillful eagles.
Today's storms help you appreciate tomorrow’s sunshine.
You can, you will. You did.
PRACTICE MAKES THE HARD THINGS EASY
Playing the victim is like surrendering to self-imprisonment.
Vanity degrades your soul whereas modesty strengthen it
In darkness, some flowers blossom!
Trust is the action of faith.
Pressure is an artist
Unknowns in life are adventures, avoid calling them fears.
A Beautiful verse takes birth when "U"n"I" VERSE.
Believe it and you can be it!
Smile :-) Don't wear a crown of frown.
Never give up
Stopbreaking yourself into piecesto make yourself fit.
Change your thoughtsChange your demeanor
Refine
LIFE IS LIKE ELECTRICITY, ANYONE CAN SHOCK YOU
Jak by powiedzia? Puszkin, s?u?ba muzom nie znosi po?piechu.
Your are where you desire to live.
Before defining what you want, know who you are.
Stars cannot achieve their highest potential without the dark.
Whatever you do, be fierce, be fearless
As the Weaver, so is the Thread
bermimpilah setingginya. impian besar akan menghapus impian kecil..
Everything is alive if your viewpoint is lively.
You can depend on God to provide for you.
Celebrate this moment because this moment is your life
Keep trying
Even the darkest cloud cannot obscure the brightest light.
Be the light that inspires others to dream.
You are BLOSSOM!
This is BLOSSOM!
What if everyone knew what a flower could do?
Thinking small is not humility.
Wherever you go, love goes also. - Sarah Rajkotwala
The entrance to the world is inside your mind
Stars don't beg the sky to shine.
Authenticity and honestycan be awkward and uncomfortable.
We aren't either afraid or brave, we’re usually both.
Speak gently but look out for your rights.
Genius is 10% talent and 90% hard work
I gave up many times but I never quit.
Don’t let past disappointments rob you of future happiness.
Peace happens - It begins with me.
Kindness happens - It begins with me.
A life without problems is a life without choices.
Storms are rainbow’s inside out.
Rainbows can’t rise without storms.
Being different is not being odd
Rough makes us tough.
Light does not have to beg darkness to shine.
Nothing moves unless you are determined to push
Turn a bad past into a good future.
When prayer replace work then poverty takes over
Planting and harvest don't happen in the same season
Never let the world take your smile
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
You know "HOW' then address it right now.
Freedom seeking is the path to coming alive again.
We all have the innate capacity to feel free.
The sun and stars never apologize for shinning
The Holy Scripture reveals spiritual realities.
Escape is a process, not a pill.
I choose spiritual romance. I am sacred!
I am joyfully one with all existence.
I am creative, blissful, and blessed!
Acknowledging your blessings makes them proliferate.
Spiritual romance is based on mutual respect and kindness.
I let giving fill me with joy.
I am emotionally fluid and safe.
Joyful peace pervades my being for all time.
Release the baggage of the past. Carry joy instead.
My senses are alive with pleasure and joy.
Our senses are the lavish gift of being human.
I am nature, and I am grateful.
Animal allies are all around, offering beauty and connection.
I jump into color bliss, today and every day!
Dance away your density and celebrate your splendor.
My heart is a blooming rose of self-love.
I respect myself and receive joy form all directions.
Fresh moments ignite the senses. Create them.
I love myself totally, completely, and unconditionally.
I am filled with abundance, gratitude, and love.
I embrace now—this moment—with my whole being.
In choosing consciousness, we gift ourselves with presence.
I make time for joy every day.
I celebrate my spirit with joy and playful abandon.
I seize the moment and create bliss, right now!
Sometimes your diary is the perfect listener.
Imagination is the dynamic catalyst for every breakthrough.
I choose to love more and more every day.
Be the change, you seek from society
Play like the best
A road to confidence is a road worth taking.
Do something which arouses happiness in your own bones.
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass
You are not alone. There are Freedom Seekers everywhere.
Go to the poor: you will find God.
The biggest magic of the world is DEATH.
Some escape to LIVE. Some LIVE to escape.
Live more. Worry less. Do what you love.
The uglier the storm the lovelier the rainbow.
Fear and greatness cannot exist within the same space.
Don't resist. Don't insist.Just Move over.Its's a divine takeover.
When people throw at you with toxic words
Compassion is the magic ingredient to an amazing life.
Compassion is given freely with no expectation of reward.
We are made of stars. So, what's impossible?
Masters today, were Starters Yesterday, so begin now.
Stars don’t need words to be heard
God sometimes uses ugly vessels to carry beautiful things.
Temporary friends sometimes bring us to permanent blessings.
What are you working towards everyday besides death?
If you see a shot, shoot.
Dream again, think again, and live again.
The road to success doesn't allow detours
Live with purpose.
Hard work beats talent, when talent doesn’t work hard
At what point does "one day" become today?
The beauty of life lies in its Uncertainty.
Freedom is found within.
You are the architect of your future
There is joy in every circumstance.
A flower always turns its face to light
Rainbows earn their brightest colors in the storm.
Don’t learn literature from a history teacher.
You don’t get what you wish for
3 qualities of a good management
Regret is a lifestyle disease of equity investing.
Laissez faire laissez passer.
You are an original masterpiece
Don't miss the blessing disguised as shit.
Satan can't steal your joy unless you let him.
Life's a wondrous journey, don't take it for granted.
Anythings possible if you've got enough nerve!!!
Rain is just God weeping for Earth’s troubles.
The ordinary are here to fit into the world
The real happiness is self-contentment.
If you persist, you will prevail.
Be the person you needed when you needed help.
The most beautiful eyes haven’t been seen yet
The mind is the key
Discouraging words...discourage dreams,Encouraging words...sprout dreams,Parents plant the seeds!
Listen to your mind
Ignorance hides in darkness
Passion is everything...so make it happen
What it is, it is.
She believed she couldn't, so God did.
Quest assignments are never wrong.
God doesn’t call us to comfort
Always please God FIRSTAll the timeEvery time
To learn, we must first listen.
You can't make history going incognito.
The energy of life is force of faith.
There's no beauty without difference and diversity. Love unconditionally.
Everything happened to find the balance of Life.
I shall never exchange reading for riches.
Never stop dreaming, wake up and chase your dreams.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
We're all a blemished spirit full of censurable faults
Find a way to learn something from every disappointment.
Instead of falling, I am dancing with the wind.
I took up windsurfing to explore my own courage.
Every misfortune is a blessing in disguise.
The human psyche is a self-correcting mechanism.
Without inner peace we have nothing.
Life can only be experienced.
Find your bones. Believe in what you are.
Belief is the basis of intuitive behavior.
Believing is essential when changing any behavior
Cosmic consciousness is the next level of holistic perception.
Anything is possible if you're true to yourself.
Brain waves are like personal handwriting.
When in doubt, reinforce your self-trust.
Surrendering is not giving up--it is gaining strength.
People only throw shade on what's shining
Control is an illusion that you must give up.
Run to brilliance. Sprint to excellence. Soar to transcendence.
Hunger is a lesser evil than ignorance.
Never reward a solder for doing whats expected
My Life is boring without God
You are what you think
The body is an outstanding source of strength
Impact does not obey hard work but principles.
Your mind is a reservoir of potential
Take charge of your thoughts
Jesus CaresJesus UnderstandsAnd God is always in control
Nobody makes a bad choice intentionally
art is risk made visible
When doubted, double your efforts
Understanding breeds empathy.
Wisdom might be conversion into a tree.
The darkest storms color the brightest rainbows.
Inspirational quotes are only making you more miserable.
Getting angry is not bad
The absence of ‘criticism’ is not Appreciation!!!
My consciousness is eternal
Consciousness is eternal, and it is part of you.
I have a secret. My inner smile is shining.
I am grateful to be alive.
You are a gift to life. Share your bounty.
I love and commit to nourishing my inner child.
Extraordinary effervescence exists within you, waiting to be tapped.
In every success there's a failure
Communication is the breath or death of any relationship
An excuse will not wake up early
Sharing our love is the highest form of bliss.
Having fun is good for your health!
Joy is the highest vibration in the known universe.
Do not change your clothes, change your thoughts.
Influence can be the worst gun nowadays.
Never stop dreaming, but please stop sleeping!
The way to peace is not love, but Christ.
I am not grown up, because I grow everyday.
You don´t need internet connection to connect to God.
If people buy your story, you'll never run dry.
Pay attention before speaking for attention.
Everytime you fall, you fly for a second.
Listening is more important than solutioning.
Your best dreams happen when you wake up.
Dream big, but do not fall asleep.
When your intuition is strong, follow it.
The loveliest roses sometimes bear the ugliest thorns.
If you stop learning, you start dying.
Think big, dream big, stay humble and act now.
Leaders walk by faith, managers walk alone.
Self-assurance reassures others and reassures yourself.
Find something about yourself to laugh about every day.
NATURE: Where people go to recharge
Attention is the beginning of devotion.
Don’t try, be happy.
Don't ever let the Man get you.
The worst enemy of our humanity is our self-doubt.
Be the calm in someone else’s storm.
Self-discipline is a prerequisite to progress.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Smiling at someone can have significant health consequences.
Whatever begins will end, in time.
While ignorance might be bliss, apathy can be deadly.
Never feel ashamed of your longing for happiness.
?Rain is not a seasonal change, it’s a feeling that brings back ?Memories!
Nothing is impossible the word itself says 'I'M possible.
There is nothing impossible to they who will try.
Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
You define your own life. Don't let other people write your script.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go and see what happens.
You can be everything. You can be the infinite amount of things that people are.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
Belief creates the actual fact.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Weaknesses are just strengths in the wrong environment.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
 I care about decency and humanity and kindness. Kindness today is an act of rebellion.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth, and everything else will come.
Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time.
Wake up determined, go to bed satisfied.
Nobody built like you, you design yourself.
I tell myself, 'You've been through so much, you've endured so much, time will allow me to heal, and soon this will be just another memory that made me the strong woman, athlete, and mother I am today.
Our lives are stories in which we write, direct and star in the leading role. Some chapters are happy while others bring lessons to learn, but we always have the power to be the heroes of our own adventures.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Don't try to lessen yourself for the world; let the world catch up to you.
There's nothing more powerful than not giving a f—k.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
When it comes to luck, you make your own.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one!
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.
The moral of my story is the sun always comes out after the storm. Being optimistic and surrounding yourself with positive loving people is for me, living life on the sunny side of the street.
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.
Dreams don’t have to just be dreams. You can make it a reality; if you just keep pushing and keep trying, then eventually you'll reach your goal. And if that takes a few years, then that's great, but if it takes Ten or Twenty, then that's part of the process.
We are not our best intentions. We are what we do.
I've noticed when I fear something, if I just end up doing it, I'm grateful in the end.
Work hard, know your s—t, show your s—t, and then feel entitled.
We’ve been making our own opportunities, and as you prove your worth and value to people, they can’t put you in a box. You hustle it into happening, right?
When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there.
Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
I'm realizing how much I've diminished my own power. I'm not doing that no more.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
I believe that if you'll just stand up and go, life will open up for you. Something just motivates you to keep moving.
How wild it was, to let it be.
The simple act of listening to someone and making them feel as if they have truly been heard is a most treasured gift.
You have to be where you are to get where you need to go.
Don't be afraid. Because you're going to be afraid. But remember when you become afraid, just don't be afraid.
We need to take risks. We need to go broke. We need to prove them wrong, simply by not giving up.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts today.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
We all have problems. But it's not what happens to us, [it 's] the choices we make after.
You don’t have to be defined or confined by your environment, by your family circumstances, and certainly not by your race or gender.
"When we let fear be our master, we cannot be happy and free as a butterfly. But when we choose to trust the journey and embrace love and joy, we are free to fly.
Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
A lot of people are afraid to say what they want. That's why they don't get what they want.
We have to let go of who we think we should be and embrace what is.
Being vulnerable is a strength, not a weakness.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
I don't look ahead. I'm right here with you. It's a good way to be.
It ain't about how hard you hit. It’s about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward."
I will not let anyone scare me out of my full potential.
We have to be better. We have to love more, hate less. We've gotta listen more and talk less. We've gotta know that this is everybody's responsibility
Trying to grow up is hurting. You make mistakes. You try to learn from them, and when you don't, it hurts even more.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Let love rule.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
The only journey is the one within.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.
If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it.